__label__1 What a Shame: There is a lot of background music in this film that never made this collection. Unfortunetly it was also some of the best music from the movie. Why don't they put together "real" soundtracks that include all of the artists used? Instead they always give us their own watered-down choices. Bummer.
__label__1 NOT ORIGINAL ARTISTS: This is NOT a compilation of Original Releases. It is a DEMO of publishing co. Soundtracks.
__label__1 One of the absolute worst dvd releases i've encountered.: This movie is awesome.Now that i've gotten that out of the way, the reason for such a low rating (if only there were negative stars) is the ... quality of the DVD release. Dimension Home Video, even after paying the license for this movie, senselessly doesn't include the original soundtracks (cantonnese or mandarin), opting for a POS english dub whose translation sounds more like something from an afternoon cartoon than a very very good movie. Although the video quality is fine, it completely baffles me why they didn't include the original languages.PS. I could swear some scenes are missing from the original version.
__label__1 The Beatles F.U.B.A.R.: I'm an original die-hard Beatles fan, grew up with them in the 60s; I still think that The Beatles are the most innovative and age-defining band of the Rock and Roll era. No other band had such creativity and diversity in their sound throughout their short but timeless successful career. I had all of their original vinyl albums, cassettes and now all of their CDsThis "Love" album manages to take true classic Beatles music, needlessly create medlies and mix together random soundtracks to make a true mockery of their creative music genius. I cringed while listening to this truely aweful CD except when the mucic was recognizable as the original music. If this is what the future holds for new Beatles releases, then I will never buy another Beatles album again, unless it's to replace a missing or damaged classic.If you don't know what F.U.B.A.R. means, ask any military veteran.
__label__1 Five Star Movie, Problem with Sound: The more I learn about how "Citizen Kane" was made, the more I appreciate it. However this Blu-Ray transfer is not enough of an improvement over the DVD to justify buying a new edition. At least we get a DVD of "The Magnificent Ambersons" which will likely be released soon on it's own. My problem is that my 10 year old Denon receiver can't play the DTS HD MA soundtrack. The Dolby Digital soundtracks are in Polish and Portuguese (weird foreign language choices). One has commentary by Peter Bogdanovich and another by Roger Ebert. So I can't get the movie dialog unless I buy a new receiver.
__label__1 Wait, Warner Brothers WILL restore Popeye in 2007!: Warner Brothers is in the process of restoring the classic B&W and Color Popeye Cartoons for a July 31 2007 DVD release. Original Paramount main & end titles will be a part of the restoration. All mastered from pristine 35mm nitrate negatives (with original soundtracks).
__label__1 Sooooo angry...: Season two was definitely the best season, don't get me wrong, but one of the things that made Dawson's Creek such an amazing show was it's music, and this DVD ruins that aspect of the show. I regret buying this DVD. I feel misled and wronged. The episodes are still great, so if you have never seen them before I'd still recommend getting them to see a great show, but as someone who saw it with the original music (and as someone who bought the DC soundtracks) I can't help but cringe when I hear what they have done to the music. It really does ruin it the whole thing. I will be sure to research future seasons when they come out and I will never buy another season that has been "remixed."
__label__1 How did this make the top-20?: There are only 2 or 3 basic melodies on this album and they just keep repeating in tracks that are just marginally different from one-another. I can only conclude that millions of people(including myself), were victims of mass propaganda. I was very disapointed in this album. If Enya's Shepard Moons is a 10 then this album is a 0.8. There are far better movie soundtracks out there, don't waste your money on this one!
__label__1 Wishing Well: In a classic case of art imitating life, John Cafferty and the Beaver Brown Band became known by many FM radio listeners as Eddie and the Cruisers, due to their near-perfect performing of the "New Jersey/Bruce Springsteen" sound on a 1983 movie soundtrack of the same name.And while the band found mid-1980s success on the Cobra and Rocky IV movie soundtracks, they returned to familiar turf on this 1989 release, a sequel to the fictional account of a bar band and the mysterious disappearance of their leader as they were on the cusp of striking gold on the national stage.But the soundtrack formula is in cruise control and fails to stay on track for an entire album. When the well runs dry on ideas, a concept based on imitation stalls miserably.
__label__1 Drivel: The movie was only okay, but I was hooked on the music, so I bought the soundtrack. Yikes! What an mistake! This is HORRIBLE stuff - sentimental, cloying, devoid of substance, repetitive with no payoff. This is the kind of "music" that gives movie soundtracks a bad name. This is the kind of music that is only "atmospheric" for the film to which it was attached, and which has NOTHING to say apart from it. Avoid this disc at all costs.
__label__1 pretentious and overdone: I picked up this CD on a whim,and I'll never do that again. The music is tired, the lyrics are incredibly pretentious and trite. Like a early 80s nightmare. What happened to Jonathan Demme's taste? His soundtracks have always been great, but give this one a wide berth. I want my money back.
__label__1 This is a Mess: Peter Gallagher is a Broadway veteran with several wonderful broadway soundtracks under his belt (i.e. Guys and Dolls). He has a great voice but I don't know what he did to his voice when he was recording these songs because they are just terrible and it doesn't even sound like him. Save your money and buy Guys and Dolls instead.
__label__1 Good movie, but a discredit to the DVD medium: The movie itself is quite good, but what they don't tell you is that the original Spanish dialogue has been eliminated in favor of an unforgivable English dubbing. What's more is that there are no alternate soundtracks available on this DVD, and no subtitles to choose from. In other words, it's a low budget insult to the DVD medium where all these things are not just possible, but expected. I would love to see this movie in its original language before it was butchered, because there's some good film-making going on here.
__label__1 A Classic Film - A Sorry DVD: This review applies to both the 2000 and 2002 releases. It really infuriates me when soundtracks are altered, especially here, this being a musical (loose word there). I've seen both releases and they're the same. Take one of the early tunes, 'Over at the Frankenstein Place', it has an echo to it, making the music itself sound signifcantly different. I own the soundtrack and the VHS tape and they're the originals. I'm amazed that no one has commented on this before. So, if you want the original tracks, buy the VHS format.
__label__1 Don't waste your money: This movie was very stupid. It was a waste of my time and money. I thought it was supposed to be a comedy, but in a half full theatre, I didn't hear anyone laugh once for the whole movie. Sometimes really bad movies have good soundtracks, but the soundtrack for this wasn't even all that great. The best part of the movie was when it was over.DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! You'll thank me!
__label__1 JVC XV-D723GD player is a dog; avoid: Had one when the DVD-A craze hit in 2000; brand new and defective on some soundtracks. Too new to fix so they replaced it. Got the hint and sold it right away. These are terrible players and should be avoided like the plague!
__label__1 What a letdown...: Like most of you, I purchased this CD for the SOLE purpose of owning "the chase scene" music, and patiently waited through the entire 19 tracks only to find out - IT'S NOT IN THERE!!! Feel like strangling someone...As for the CD "as is", I guess it's O.K., if you are into soundtracks. Never really been a huge fan of them, myself. One or two songs are kinda cool, but the whole CD seems to be building up to something that it never delivers. Should've read ALL of the Amazon reviews BEFORE I spent my money. Bummer.
__label__1 IT'S SINKING!: This is a great CD if you are really into buying soundtracks of movies that create a false sense of meaning in your life or if you live through movies insted of the real world. And Celine Dion?? I could barely listen to the song the first time I heard it. Now it's really annoying, just like any other song they over-overplay on the radio, on television, and at weddings. Help! I'm stuck in the mainstream nothingness! repeat repeat repeat
__label__1 Alternative to this poor excuse: This collection of songs doesn't even scratch the surface of all the original music in the Rankin Bass library. I found an alternative this year to waiting for Warner or whoever owns them now. Find a program that allows you to extract audio from the DVDs and then create your own soundtracks. You can even find album art and tag the songs for each movie. Have a Holly Jolly Christmas!
__label__1 Starbucks Muzak: The Richest Man In Babylon sounds like one of the numbing soundtracks you hear while ordering your Vente Chai Tea Latte at Starbucks. Also,it's long past time to drive a stake through the heart of '80s nostalgia. Reggae, Afro-caribbean, Sade - all of them touchstones for this cd - should have been forgotten about a long time ago. Electronica breaks us free from the tyranny of culture, Theivery Corp wants to shackle us again to old sounds, and old ways of thinking. Stay free - Stay away from this dross.
__label__1 Don't Even Bother: Sorry - I'm with the other "old Liz" fans out there - unless you're into teen movie soundtracks and all the other under-talented over-produced BS on the radio these days - don't buy this cd! I loved her other stuff and am open to artists growing and changing, but she took a step back on this one. Total disappointment - the only saving grace is I didn't pay for this CD - I'd have been even more ruthless if actual money had been paid to purchase it. BLAH BLAH BLAH is pretty much the way this cd listens... All you need to do is look at the 40 USED available for $7.40, etc...that's a LOT of people ready to sell this one back for half the cost.
__label__1 it wasn't very good...: I personally didn't like it, just my opinion. I don't usually buy soundtracks but the music on this one wasn't very good!
__label__1 Unlike other Disney-Soundtracks: If you liked the Lion King soundtrack, the Beauty And The Beast soundtrack and the Hunchback score (like I did), you might think that the Tarzan-music should be enjoyable, too. However, Marc Mancina does not even come close to the standart Hans Zimmer set with 'Lion King' and the whole album sounds more like a Phil Collins-CD than a soundtrack (with only 3 songs being written by Mancina alone). You'll be surprised not to find any song performed by the Tarzan-cast--and might as well listen to your older Collins-tapes!
__label__1 Great Movie--Painfully bad transfer.: Metropolis is one of the greatest movies of all time. Visually, it is still ripped off almost on a daily basis. Unfortunately, this DVD version is agonizing to watch. I lasted about 20 seconds and the disc was stored away. Hopefully someone will release a copy with both "traditional" and Georgio Moroder soundtracks. A perfect opportunity to utilize the capabilities of DVD
__label__1 Music does not stand alone: The movie is great and the music fits the movie very well. But without the movie to watch, the music isn't very interesting. The soundtrack has many boring stretches, but if you were watching the movie, the music would make sense.Contrast this soundtrack with that of The Hours, Notes On A Scandal, The Illusionist, Pan's Labyrinth or The Fountain to name just a few. These are great soundtracks either with or without the movie. In other words, the music is independent of the movies.So, you may find my 2-star rewview to be harsh, but as a stand-alone soundtrack, Kundun is well below average.
__label__1 Ugh.: One of the worst soundtracks I've ever bought, simply for the fact that they put all the damn movie quotes into the songs.WHY?! Why would they do this?! This is a MUSICAL SCORE - not a damn sound board! I cannot express myself angrily enough. I am sorely sorry I spent money on this piece of crap. I wanted music, not the movie, that's why I bought the MUSIC.
__label__1 Waste of $$$$: Literally within 30 seconds of using it was already hot on both ears. I immediately had to stop using as the temperature was increasing by the minute. Furthermore, the picture and description of the item made it appear to cover your entire ear and possibly cancel out noise-- NO NOISE CANCELLATION WHATSOEVER. I can hear all conversations around me and everyone can hear what's coming out of the headphone (So there goes any chance of listening to Glee Soundtracks).A real piece of junk. Then again, I guess that's why they were only 20 bucks. Caveat Emptor.
__label__1 Baseball Music Review: Was looking for music to play at Baseball Month at a event of senior citizens. Did not have the standard traditional music you would expect from this selection. Music is modern perhaps very young folks might enjoy it. I bought the Ken Burns Soundtracks and that had the traditional baseball music and the event people loved it.
__label__1 "The Dream House" is the only good track on here.: This has to be one of the worst soundtracks I've ever heard. The only stand-out track is "The Dream House", (played during the opening credits), but everything else sounds awful. I've listened to it a few times to try and like it but I just don't. Boring. But that's just my opinion. For those who are thinking of getting this, don't buy it from Amazon, save your $60 and visit a website called The House Of Mysterious Secrets, they sell CD-R versions of horror soundtracks for $4.95 and Nightmare 3 is one of them.
__label__1 Disappointed: Im a huge fan of the TV series and the film. When I bought the TV soundtrack, my only disappointment was that the tracks were too short. I was hoping the movie soundtrack would provide more of the same, only longer.The beauty of the TV music was its mixture of eastern and western musical influences, perfectly in sync with the cultural mixture in the series. The movie soundtrack has none of that. It's modern through discordant melodies, not through new combinations of music. And it doesn't have any of the eastern, western flavors. Its standard movie music. I like Newman in general, and have other soundtracks from him. But this time I think he missed the mark both musically, and in capturing (or not) the tone of Firefly.
__label__1 Terrible!: What did Nelvana do to the beloved anime Cardcaptor Sakura? They dubbed it into a horrifying "Americanized" anime:Cardcaptors. I HATE THIS DVD! I atleast wished they would have put both English and Japanese soundtracks on this dvd, or not dub it at all. What were they thinking when they dubbed this!? If you're looking for a cute, heartwarming series that people of all ages can enjoy, don't buy this! Buy the original version:Cardcaptor Sakura! Atleast CCS is in Japanese with subtitles, unlike CARDCAPTORS!Ugh, that's all I really feel like I need to say for this review.
__label__1 Many songs from trailers NOT here!!!: I hate soundtracks that use cool songs on their trailers and then, when you buy the soundtrack you cannot find the song you liked ... this is the case with this soundtrack.Songs used on trailers NOT on the soundtrack:1.- The vines - Get free2.- The crystal method - "wild, sweet and cool"3.- AC /DC - 2 songs that I have no idea what their names are.4. - Christina Aguilera - Fighter5.- Prodigy - Firestarterand probably there are more songs that I dont recall which are NOT on the soundtrack. You have been warned....The only song used in the trailers which is actually here is "Feel Good time" by Pink...the rest of the soundtrack is very average...
__label__1 Music is best along with the movie: There are soundtracks that are wonderful to listen to without the movie, such as Ladies in Lavender, and there are soundtracks that go very well while watching the movie. The Red Violin is not as pleasing without the film. With having said that, Joshua Bell does deserve compliments for his excellent skill.
__label__1 Where's the rest of the score?: I absolutely hate soundtracks that are compilations of pop songs. If I want those songs I would rather get them from the artists' own albums. However, I do love well done original orchestral (instrumental) scores. I thought that Trevor Jones did a marvelous job in scoring this film with some truly beautiful and memorable cues. Unfortunately, only two of them are included on the CD. If the producers have any sense they will put out a separate CD with only Trevor Jones' wonerful music. That would truly rate 5 stars from me.
__label__1 Can't stand on it's own...: Some movies have great soundtracks, you know the kind- 'I gotta have it!', don't care what it costs! Sadly, this mess of a soundtrack/score is just that, a mess. I kept wondering where the brief scores were that I heard in the film, to my horror, they were not on the disc! I enjoy my dvd copy very much with the short 'score tracks' included. As a score it would fail due to the lack of longer tracks. To combine tracks with vocals and the score on the same disc was a huge mistake. Very disappointing to say the least as I thought this disc would have some magic contained on it, something memorable worthy of keeping it in my collection, at least 1 track, but alas none to be found. To be avoided, buy the dvd instead of this rotten attempt at a score/soundtrack.
__label__1 Deja Vu: I found this soundtrack to be a total disappointment. It sounded like a lazy ripoff of the Gladiator and Crimson Tide soundtracks.It's just a shame the soundtrack didn't live up to the movie's originality.
__label__1 Dreadful: Williams' scores had magic and grace... this is awful. In fact, it's rather a bit of a joke... it has none of the magic or flair that the first 3 soundtracks had. The movies may be getting better, but the soundtrack is one of my first complaints about this movie.HOPEFULLY fore OOP they will return to the WIlliams' magical score. I'm a collector of Potter merchandise-- I have absolutely everything Potter, even the bedsheets, to tell you how obsessed I am. BUT this I will not buy.Don't waste your money. You couldn't give it to me.
__label__1 suck!!!!!!!!!111: This album is crap! Don't buy it. The music is not from the original singers and instead a bunch of fakes are performing the songs. Buy genuine 80's cd soundtracks and don't get fooled by imitations!!!!!!!!!1
__label__2 12 out of 17 are the best songs in the soundtrack: Here are my favorite song in order.1 ONE WEEK2 KIDS IN AMERICA3 ALL-STAR4 ALL MY BEST FRIENDS ARE METALHEADS5 SPILL6 NOWHERE NEAR7 THE IMPRESSION THAT I GET8 HEY DIGIMON9 DIGI RAP10 LET`S KICK UP11 CHANGE INTO POWER12 HERE WE GOI don`t like the hidden soundtracks much,but I truly like ONE WEEK!
__label__2 Deeply moving and sincere: One of the best soundtracks I've ever heard! Each of the pieces has its own unique style, crystalizing a particular emotion or idea. Some are fun and upbeat, others more somber, but the quality of the sound and the voices is par excellence. None of that maudlin, screechy, overblown stuff most Indian music is infamous for. 'Ishwar Allah' is one of the most beautiful songs I've heard. Deeply spiritual and eloquent, it resonates for a long time and becomes more meaningful with every encounter. Highly recommended!
__label__2 Eclectic Mixing - it's about time: What's wrong with this CD? There do happen to be a few tracks out of place but the rest blend well and compliment each other. I think what the record company was trying to provide two opposing sides symbolically represented by the sdtrk content (techno - Frost; rap - Blade), which made for an interesting listen. It's nice to know that film soundtracks have evolved this far to offer a much more eclectic mix that would appeal to a wide range of people. The techno is an obvious reminder of the film; the rap is there as an added extra (or, as someone put it, like "Vampires n the Hood"). That said, some of the lyrics are a little too silly to be taken seriously, but, hey, nothing's perfect.
__label__2 works for me: This karaoke CD seemed better than some of the others I listened to. I think that other reviewer has to understand that karaoke CD's aren't supposed to be identical to the original soundtracks or productions -- they're more for singing than for sitting and listening to, but if you want to hear yourself without the vocalists, this is the format you should go with. The background music actually was better than I expected from a karaoke cd.
__label__2 The Granddaddy of all Bond soundtracks: Before Brosnan, before Dalton and Moore, before even Emilio Largo and Goldfinger, Dr. No debuted as a tight-budget, documentary-style thriller. The year was '62, the place Jamaica. And the music was a curious blend of Caribbean rhythms and the jazzy sounds of yesteryear. All in all, the 18 tracks on this album make for a lively, pleasurable listening experience. My two-year old daughter absolutely loves tracks 3 and 10.
__label__2 Best subwoofer for the price anywhere: The Polk 505 has a tight, clean bass presence that adds richness to soundtracks and movies.As long as you don't push it too hard.So if you want to add rich bass and LFE for viewing pleasure, this is the best $189 you will ever spend.But if you are looking to shake the house with intense infrasound every time something explodes on the screen, you will be disappointed. This is an adult subwoofer.Unlike many low-price powered subs, the 505 amp is well shielded and immune to radio frequency interference from amateur radio transmitters.
__label__2 One of the better soundtracks available in my opinion.: "Can't You Hear Me Knockin'" was undoubtedly the perfect song to start Blow. I'm not even a gungho Rolling Stones fan but "Can't You Hear Me Knockin'" is definitely my all time favorite Stones tune. I enjoyed the entire movie and soundtrack, but do wish the soundtrack would've included a few more of the songs from the movie. That said, the "Blow" soundtrack is up there with "Carlito's Way" when it comes to my favorite 70's based movie soundtracks. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who enjoys 70's rock.
__label__2 Not the "complete" season: Northern Exposure fans have waited for years for this beloved show to be relased. We have stood by while really crappy television shows have been released left and right. Finally, we got what we were waiting for.Well, not quite. As perhaps an obsessive viewer of the show, one of the things I noticed while watching the First Season on DVD was the absence of certain background music. As the two CD soundtracks reflect, "Northen Exposure" was a superb venue for diverse, expressive and sometimes downright fun music. Unfortunately, it appears that the creators of the DVD were not able to secure the rights to some of those songs for reproduction on DVD. It is a slight detail, but one that I noticed. Many of the scenes are made by the music. Now, some of those scenes have a different feel to them.Otherwise, I reallly like the features of the DVD and the quality is excellent. The padded jacket (literally) is a strange cover, but appropriately quirky given the show.
__label__2 A perfect soundtrack for a perfect movie: Garden State's scenes are filled with this wonderful songs. My favorites being Let Go by Frou Frou heard in the final scenes of the movie in a beautiful showing of all the characters, and The Shins' New Slang, which, as Natalie Portman's Sam sayd to Braff's Large, "will change you forever"This is one of the best soundtracks. GET IT
__label__2 Revenge Of The Sith is the best Star Wars sountrack since Empire Strikes Back!: The BEST Star Wars sountrack EVER!! I've had this cd ever since it first came out in 2005 and I still listen to it as a whole and my favorite tracks just about everyday. Im currently in Iraq and for inspiration before every mission I fast forward the Star Wars theme song and play the first track. Other times I just play it to zone out because it somehow connects with everything going on over here. Definitely fits the mood. Although the background music that was played during Anakin's march with the 501st Legion into the Jedi temple wasn't included in this cd it's still simply the best out of all Star Wars soundtracks. Awesome! Worth every penny I paid for and hopefully those that buy this will feel the same. Once you press play just sit back, enjoy, and forget all of your troubles for a while.
__label__2 Hardly an ordinary soundtrack: If you want one of the most "alternative" soundtracks in recent memory, then you definitely want this one. There are several standout tracks on the album and you would be hard pressed to find any album fillers. Beck's "Deadweight" is a fuzzy lounge type of tune. The Sneaker Pimps' "Velvet Divorce" has a piano riff that is beautiful yet haunting when accompanied with Kerri Dayton's voice. Lou Barlow's project Folk Implosion is worthy of mention. Throw in some brilliant tracks by Underworld and Prodigy and loungy Elvis and Zippers and you've got a great soundtrack that deserves to standout from the plethora of 90's soundtracks.
__label__2 GET THE HONG KONG LEGENDS VERSION!!!: This Warner Brothers set is very good-I bought it, but it's annoying that these discs are not anamorphic and you don't get the original soundtrack. However, if you are a Bruce Lee fanatic, and you have a PAL converter, and a multiregion dvd player that can play Region 2 discs, you must get the Hong Kong Legends releases. This is a UK company. They put out the four Bruce Lee films, minus Enter the Dragon, in beautiful, restored, remastered, anamorphic widescreen versions with Dolby Digital sound. This is heaven for people with widescreen TVs. They are loaded with extras(Game of Death has 2 dvds!) and also have several soundtracks so you can watch the original Chinese with English subtitles, or the English dubbed version. It's amazing, but Region 2 really outdid Region 1 in this case. You can buy them from Amazon.com.uk. Hong Kong Legends has a website that lists all their releases, including many Jackie Chan and Jet Li films, all made to the same high standards.
__label__2 A great movie soundtrack!: Along with soundtracks to the Spider-Man trilogy and Daredevil, the soundtrack to Fantastic Four is awesome. I bought this from eBay. I'm glad that I did. It is a great CD.
__label__2 Broken Arrow: Broken Arrow has one of the most memorable soundtracks for a movie I've ever heard. The sound is mostly action-epic insired music but there is a recurring guitar theme, almost western, that really made the movie stick in my head. If you liked that theme in the movie, then get this CD because it appears many times in different ways. There is also a electronic fuzz mixed into the background on most tracks... Great soundtrack and one of Zimmer's best in my opinion.
__label__2 Dynamic score: As I watched Bourne Ultimatum I was struck by how similar this soundtrack sounded to the first two, particularly Supremacy. I was hesitant to order the disc, but upon listening to it, while some themes are retained from the first two films, they have been re-arranged brilliantly. This is a top-notch soundtrack, evoking all of the energy and emotion of the film, and is a worgty addition to the other two Bourne soundtracks.
__label__2 Finally!!!: This soundtrack tops the list of my favorite soundtracks of all time! Thank God its now on CD with beautiful crystal clear sound. It comes from a much hyped movie at the time HARLOW which was competing with another Harlow staring Carol Lynley, but this one starring Carroll Baker eventually won out. All of the tracks are pure "sixties" arrangements provided by Neil Hefti, and contains bouncy fun tracks such as Carroll Baker A Go Go, and slower dramatic renditions such as Lonely Girl (Bobby Vinton released his version as a 45 in 1965 and also sang it in the movie)Girl Talk is reason enough to buy this CD though, it is the best arrangement of the song I have ever heard! THANK YOU DRG for this series!!!!
__label__2 Never Rob A Bank On You're Wedding Day!!!: Hi, I'm 13 years old!The reason I've said that I'm 12 is it doesn't go to my age!Anyway.......................Best Men is one of my favourite all time movies!!!I love the way it sought of tells the story of these young guys and a girl who is gonna marry one of them!Even though the rest of the characters were good, I absolutely fell in love with the character of Lt. John "Gonzo" Coleman! He's a character who's. .well, he's funny without meaning to be, if you know what I mean!If you like a film with boys, comedy, disgruntled soldiers, good soundtracks and a good script, this is the one for you!!!
__label__2 A Fine Soundtrack: I for one love soundtracks that you can listen too comfortably from first to last song, and which can be stand alone songs as well. This is one of those soundtracks! It certainly captures the moods and themes of the film: adventure, intrigue, and the more obvious themes when dealing with the Titanic of loss and hubris. McNeely and company have capture the entire spectrum for this underwater saga. I found the piano pieces, particularly "The Grand Staircase" and "I...I Had To Go" were quite stirring. They are simple piano pieces, yet the elegance and sense of loss is well captured. They are very nice to play on the piano yourself as well! You'll definitely want to pick up this soundtrack!
__label__2 Phenomenal collection!: I bought this double CD the week it came out in 1998. I loved a lot of the songs on there! The ballads still sound good, thought the first CD tends to drag in the middle. His remake of the Bonnie Raitt song isn't all that exciting. I still like Mother's Child, Jesus To A Child, Older, Praying for Time, One More Try from Faith (his best ballad), Father Figure and others. But the second CD says a lot about George Michael as an artist! He can tear it up on songs like the Monkey remix, Too Funky, Fastlove, Outside, Faith, and one other song from Faith. Although George's recent albums have not sold as well, this collection represents the best from his three solo albums, songs from soundtracks, and live performances. It showcases him as a solid performer, musician and songwriter.
__label__2 Finally!!!: This soundtrack tops the list of my favorite soundtracks of all time! Thank God its now on CD with beautiful crystal clear sound. It comes from a much hyped movie at the time HARLOW which was competing with another Harlow staring Carol Lynley, but this one starring Carroll Baker eventually won out. All of the tracks are pure "sixties" arrangements provided by Neil Hefti, and contains bouncy fun tracks such as Carroll Baker A Go Go, and slower dramatic renditions such as Lonely Girl (Bobby Vinton released his version as a 45 in 1965 and also sang it in the movie)Girl Talk is reason enough to buy this CD though, it is the best arrangement of the song I have ever heard! THANK YOU DRG for this series!!!!
__label__2 One of the most moving soundtracks I have ever listened to!: I have wanted this soundtrack for months and now that I finally have it I am at a loss for words. Every single song on this CD only reminds me what a cool show this truly is. Though I am fairly new to it (I started watching late in the fourth season) I have not missed a single episode since I first watched it. The best songs on this CD are of course the Main Title, The Warrior Princess, Glede Ma Glede, Quarterman's Festival, and Calisto's Wrath. Any one who loves Xena would love this CD, and even people who aren't neccesarily die hard fans might get some enjoyment out of it, since the music is compeling and haunting even if one has never seen the show before.
__label__2 ANOTHER MORRICONE MASTERPIECE: As with all soundtracks by Ennio Morricone such as THE GOOD THE BAD AND THE UGLY and A FISTFUL OF DOLLARS, ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST is simply masterful.The hallmark of any Morricone soundtrack is his use of the human voice as a non-vocal instrument. ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST is no exception.This soundtrack is a terrific addition to any classic soundtrack collection. And it matters little whether you are a fan of the movie or not or whether you are a fan of westerns or not. The musical quality of ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST stands on its own.
__label__2 Good fidelity: I had the earlier model (EX71SP) but the cable got snagged a lot and finally lost sound on one side. Hopefully the hangers will reduce the effect of snagging.The sound on this model has definitely improved. The EX71 's bass can be quite overwhelming. The EX81's bass is gentler. I'm hearing details in the soundtracks that I never heard before. And I'm driving it at lower volume than the EX71. I encode my music at 192kbps with the OOG format on my Rio Karma.
__label__2 8 MILE SOUNTRACK - FEATURING OSCAR WINNER SONG Lose Yourself: This soundtrack starts with the 2003 Oscar Winner for Best Song, Lose Yourself. But it is not the best song in this sountrack... There is still plenty more great songs... Eminem also presents two great songs: Rabbit Run and 8 Mile... Incredible. XZibit rocks with Spit Shine, 50 Cent seems a great rapper with the songs Wanksta and Places To Go, Nas shows up with the great U Wanna Be Me, D12 has Rap Game, another interesting song... Overall, it is a great soundtrack, for those who like Eminem, hip-hop or those who collect soundtracks. The only boring song is Time Of My Life, it's really bad. But you won't be disappointed if you buy it, I'm sure. A treasure for Hip-Hop fans...
__label__2 The movie was awesome and now the sound track is awesome: aight this cd is awesome if you like eminem get this cd and if you like the movie get this cd. In my opinon "lose your self" is the best song on hurr. Of course it is the theme song. BUY this cd its great one of the best soundtracks of the year
__label__2 Soundtracks have been hit and miss -BUT: Forget the soundtrack connections of this one. Take it as a TD album in the vein of Underwater Sunlight and Le Parc and you have the true flavor of this album. One of my favorite TD albums - sorry to see no other reviews - I hope it's not because others have overlooked this one.
__label__2 Good soundtrack: The best soundtracks (regardless of the show title)'prep' the audience for watching and enjoying the show. The musical arrangement in a show is not supposed to overshadow the actors themselves.So many current shows make the mistake of assuming they can be a vehicle for CD sales and their own characters, but observant fans see right through that charade. Rather than contributing anything to the plotline (or what there is in those shows) these marketing arrangements can be annoying.Lois and Clark is a good example of a soundtrack written purely to compliment the show which it aired on. With no other obligation than to work on the score for Lois and Clark, these musicians had produced an awesome soundtrack which is well worth the purchase. When you hear the music, you know what show it is associated with.Now our only mission is to get the Lois and Clark DVD's released.
__label__2 One of the best soundtracks of all time!: TRACK LISTING:1. Parador2. Madonna's Tango3. History Lesson4. Momma's Back5. Carnival6. Dictator's Workout7. The Part Of A Lifetime8. Flyaway
__label__2 Part of the holy trinity of 70's funk soundtracks: Car Wash, Shaft and this. That's all you need. There's more great funk out there (James Brown (of course), Funkadelic/Parliament, the Meters, the Temptations, early Kool and the Gang), but as far as soundtracks go these 3 are the bomb. Oh, I suppose I really should add the Saturday Night Fever OST to the list. So, the holy foresome, then.
__label__2 Timeless, Super-tight grooves by an absolute soul master!: Everything old may be new again, but Bill Withers' songs are timeless in the best sense. You feel a happy nostalgia at first listen, but wait a minute and you're awe-struck at how solid the songwriting is, how tight the funk pulses underneath, and how Withers' voice manages to be emotional and exuberant and under complete control. No Celine Dion/Backstreet Boys wailing, just a jazzman's complete mastery of rhythm and music. It's shameful that Bill Withers' name doesn't come up more often in lists of the great soul singers (of ALL time), but people are re-assessing him in light of the recent commercial tie-ins (movie soundtracks, TV commercials, endless sampling by much less-talented rap "artists", covers that can never improve on the originals). This CD is all the evidence needed to place him near the top of those "Best" lists. Fantastic!
__label__2 The first major LaFace project...: The production duo of L.A. and Babyface, alongside Daryl Simmons continued to storm the airwaves throughout the early '90s thanks to projects like this one. They manage to bring such successful pop-like tunes like "Give U My Heart," which features Babyface and the introduction of Toni Braxton. The LaFace Cartel's "Reversal of a Dog," and A Tribe Called Quest's "Hot Sex," continue the dance floor surge on this album. However, the heartfelt ballads take the cake, with the highlight being Boyz II Men's record-breaking hit, "End of The Road." P.M. Dawn's "I'd Die Without You," and Toni Braxton's "Love Shoulda Brought You Home," are also notable tracks. Featuring the production of LaFace on 7 of the 12 songs, this is sure to be one of the best soundtracks of the early '90s...
__label__2 Brings a Smile to Anyone's Face: This is one of the best movie soundtracks out there - I only wish more people would give it a chance!
__label__2 McCartney and Gabriel are wonderful!: This cd is wonderful! Paul Mc Cartney's title track is beautiful and I listen to it over and over again. Peter Gabriel's song " Solsbury Hill" is breath taking and fun. Other wonderful songs are " I Fall Apart" by Julianna Gianni (haha) and Jeff Buckley's timeless masterpiece "Last Goodbye". This cd is beautiful and fun. It will leave you pressing repeat all night. Cameron Crowe knows his soundtracks.
__label__2 Love this album: I have been a fan of Les Miserables since watching a clip of it on YouTube. After completely watching the show (a local theatre group was doing it here). I feel in love with Les Mis. The cast is wonderful. Philip Quast, Michael Ball, and Colm Wilkinson are by far my fav. Broadway stars, ever. Philip's voice is just perfect for Javert and honestly I prefer him over the original Javert. I have always been a Michael Ball fan and so he was the reason for originally listening to this. So that was a plus and even while watching this I had couldn't help but fall in love with Michael Maguire's voice as well. And you may not realize it but Judy Kuhn (Cosette) is also the singing voice in Disney's Pocahontas and Lea Salonga (Eponine) is the singing voice in Disney's Mulan and also of Jasmine in Aladdin. So that's also a plus. All in all a great cd and one of my favorite Broadway soundtracks ever.
__label__2 Speeding soundtrack: With my job, I spend a lot of time listening to A) the radio or B) my mp3 player. The music on this soundtrack mostly holds up with some awesome rock songs. I used to have this on tape, and it got eaten by the tape player. Finally purchased the cd because this is one of my top soundtracks to listen to.
__label__2 Girl With A Pearl Earring: It would seem that soundtracks are a good source of a new type of classical music. If you like hauntingly beautiful short pieces you will find some really memorable little tracks on this CD. Some of them will become a part of you, and this one will stand up to repeated listens.Alezandre Desplat was reaching the heighth of his creative powers on this one.
__label__2 Excellent Box Set, Excellent Series: This is by far one of the greatest box sets I have ever bought. Not only for because of it's original look but because of the contents. I wont be repeating what everyone has said already (i.e. series summary, special features, bonus soundtracks, etc. etc.) but all I'm going to say is that if you like drama and comedy with a great setting/atmosphere and great acting, get this set. I lucked out because I bought it for $59.99 during HBO + Amazon Gold box deals! Still, for $180.00 is still good! Get it.
__label__2 If you're a James Horner fan you'll appreciate this: If I'm not mistaken, BBtS was James Horners' first motion picture soundtrack. Now, soundtracks are supposed to enhance the movie-going experience. However, I can say with certainty the soundtrack was better than the movie itself!If you're a Horner fan, you'll smile as you recognize motifs and strains of music of BBtS used in later soundtracks, e.g., the Star Trek films. Still, Horner is my favorite composer--the richness and depth of his soundtracks doesn't grow old: I still get the same thrill from listening to Wrath of Khan and sadness listening to Cocoon as I did when I first listened to them. His work is timeless.
__label__2 Brilliant!!!!: What a wonderful CD!! You know it's a good CD when you continuously play the whole CD on the CD player at work over and over again and even your boss likes it. How cool is that?!A great compilation of songs from start to finish. The two new songs - "Thing For You" and "Nevermind" are fab. And both of them have been played on Canadian radio. I was pleased that songs like "If It Be Your Will" (which should make Leonard Cohen proud) and "You Don't Know Me" are included, otherwise you have to buy the Cd soundtracks basically for one song (Jann's). "Saved" and "Good Mother" are simply brilliant. They are my absolute FAVORITE Jann songs. The rest of the songs are great. A highlight is the live version of "Insensitive", which I like better than the original version. And the intro of Jann talking is just hilarious.Buy this album for your collection!!
__label__2 The Greatest Film of All Time: Forget all the "camp" stuff and appreciate this film for what it is. A great and original story with interesting characters, one of the best soundtracks ever recorded, and stunning, unforgettable visuals.
__label__2 A good, basic Vangelis soundtrack: Yes, this did win the 1981 Oscar for best soundtrack...but to be honest, it's really an album along the same level of musicality as some of Vangelis's earlier soundtracks during the 1970s, and some of his other albums as well, such as "Albedo 0.39" or "China". If you want a more powerful and effective (and varied) soundtrack by Vangelis, though, I would suggest his "Bladerunner" soundtrack instead. Still, this does contain the classic "Chariots of Fire" theme that made such a splash in the early 1980s, and for many, that'll be reason enough to get it. But if you get hold of any of Vangelis's albums released in the general vicinity of this (with the exception of the contract-breaker "Beauborg"!), the musical connections will be apparent. Still, it's a nice set from Mr. Papathanassiou, and a very good soundtrack to boot. NB.: (...)
__label__2 One of the best... and quick...: Of course, this is one of the best soundtracks of all time. This being my second copy, I was in no rush to get it... but it came weeks ahead of the projected arrival date. Simple, bubble-manila package. No damage at all.
__label__2 An excellent assortment of rap and R&B: In this album, many great artists are put togethor for a damn good sound. Some of the highlights include "Zoom" by LL Cool J and Dr. Dre, "Ghetto Superstar" by Pras, ODB and Mya, and "Joints and Jams" by the Black Eyed Peas. It is one of the best hip-hop soundtracks ever.
__label__2 Mighty dandy!: If you like Copeland's raw drumwork, you'll like this one. It's nice to hear him get away from the electronic stuff so prevalent in most of his movie and TV soundtracks. This one reminds me a lot of his first movie soundtrack - Rumblefish. It's nice hearing Stewart and Stanley Clarke together again since their days with Animal Logic. My advice - buy this one and buy the video too.
__label__2 High quality soundtrack recording: This is, without a doubt, one of the greatest movie soundtracks out there. The remastered version, timed to be released along with the "Director's Cut" version of the movie, is not a disappointment. The quality is high and the listening pleasure immeasurable. There are some added pieces which appear in the "Director's Cut", which were originally issued on the second CD from the original release. A good buy for classical music lovers.
__label__2 Retro Puppet Master: Movies like this, which don't fall into the big budget release category, are a genre unto themselves. This is not your typical, slick buckets-of-blood Hollywood horror thriller. There's a wonderful sense of intimacy and as one reviewer has noted, real craftsmanship about this rather scarey movie. It has a charm of its own. It also has a memorable film score by John Massari, a wonderful composer who deserves much more critical acclaim. The score is understated and subtle, rather than a lot of overdone, in-your-face movie soundtracks. It draws you in and keeps you riveted; it complements this little gem of a film.
__label__2 wicked walkin': this is a murky world, indeed. Barry Adamson's music is mostly electronic in sound, but it feels more like a dark pop lounge record. the nature of the beast is the beat, and these songs have plenty of swinging brassy bold beats. representing some kind of back-alley shuffle, these songs sound like film-noir soundtracks or modern day compositions echoing the works of Roy Budd. my mind is filled with images of secret passageways through dark corridors which lead you to private dimly-lit jazz clubs run by one armed thugs whenever listening to this record. there's a spectacular spooky vibe that runs through these cuts, but plenty of black humor pops up within these lurking numbers as well. Barry Adamson sounds like a tangled cross up between Tom Waits and Underworld. a nice discovery.
__label__2 Not as good as the other two: After hearing the soundtracks for the first two movies I was really looking forward to this release. Sadly, I am a little disapointed. Don't get me wrong, it's still good, but the first two were better. It is a definite must-have for any fan of Lord of the Rings. The music has a slower pace to it compared to the first two CD's. Not what you would expect after hearing the music for the Two Towers. Basically, this soundtrack is a rather anti-climatic ending to the best trilogy ever to hit the big screen.
__label__2 I think so, 'Think Again'!: Dave Seaman is quickly shaping up to be my absolute favorite DJ in the wold. After finding his Buenos Aries and Cape Town GU sets, then his Renaissance Awakenings and America sets, I have to say that I'm simply amazed at his ability to mix the right music and the right groove for me. And now he's done it again.I'm a soundtrack person; I love movie music, from John Williams to James Horner to Hanz Zimmer. And now to Dave Seaman! After reading the bio on him and his love for soundtracks, I completely understand and appreciate what he has done for his Back to Mine mix. An earlier review chided him for his use of material that sounded too much like film music ("The first track is like something out of a cheesy film soundtrack" was what they wrote), but I think it only enhances the chill-out experience. This is a perfect mix of mellow grooves and sounds to come down by, and it will forever stand as one of my favorite mixes by my favorite mixmeister.So there. :)
__label__2 A Dream Fulfilled: I have been a Music Lover all my life and I owned this soundtrack on vinyl. I have been waiting years to hear it again, as I no longer have the album and once my CD arrived, it was truly a dream come true. The music is lovely and if you are a fan of movie soundtracks, this one is worthy of adding to your collection. It was worth the wait!
__label__2 Growing on You!: I always am amazed when someone uses the phrase " against type" For example , Robert Mitchum, against type stars in " Two for the Seesaw" with Shirley MacLaine." Against type" thats another typical media throw away to enable any writer to let readers know that he/she has an encyclopedic knowledge of an actors body of work. That knowledge , however is mostly superficial and absurd in its meritsRobert Mitchum was a truly fine actor( when he "was" around he would chuckle with the use of any other adjectives..I,m sure)Mitchum was always capable of giving a performance.when required. For a guy with a photographic memory it was easy.He was a natural..and didnt give a damn about the rest of it. Now, some 37 years later we should take another peek at " Two for the Seesaw" Is there anything profound being said in this film..no..but is there a reality of character and performance..that few more recent films have attained..without blaring soundtracks..and absurd closeups....You Decide!!CP
__label__2 Magical Disney Soundtrack: Received my "Beauty & The Beast" soundtrack today. It's a bright, crystal-clear recording, excellent quality. Captures all the magic and beauty of the animated film. Especially enjoy having the soundtracks from our favorite Disney films to listen to on drives to Disneyland--the music sets the mood and gets everyone so excited for the park! Would like to note that my CD did arrive with a badly smashed jewel case. Fortunately the CD isn't damaged and the case is easily replaceable, but a bubble wrap-padded manila envelope is NOT adequate packaging for shipping a CD!!!
__label__2 prepare to be mesmerized: Behold the ultimate background CD! It sets any mood perfectly from happy and upbeat to dark and mysterious.It has one flaw in it's perfection, in my humble oppinion most of the songs are absolutely meant to exist solely on the background, they set a perfect mood but they never reach beyond that. It's silent and manipulative music that crawls under your skin only to leave you with a strange sense of "what have I just been listening to!"If you want a cd that is perfect for the background of a silent, moody night or party, most of the songs on this cd will do the trick. If you want a cd that is filled with music that sweeps you off of your feet and impresses you for days to come, then this cd isn't what you've been waiting for. If you're into beautifull mood-setting music or marvelous soundtracks then this is certainly what you've been looking for.
__label__2 100% Great!: Believe it or not, this is one of the greatest RPGs ever. In this great RPG, (sequel to Chrono Trigger, another masterpiece, you are Serge, another silent protagonist. The game is certainly long enough, and has great graphics.Sound: 10/10: It's hard not to like the sound, or the music. They are certainly excellent, and Chrono Cross has one of the best soundtracks I know of.Graphics: 9/10: The graphics are quite colorful and nice.Replay Value: 9/10: There's another New Game+ mode, and it is quite fun to go through the game again.Storyline: 10/10: It has a good storyline, although it changes from time to time.Overall: 9.5/10. If there is one thing I have to complain about in CC, it's easy battles. However, some of them may have you trying as many as 6 times over and over.Bottom Line: BUY CHRONO CROSS!
__label__2 The Best Game Ever Made, Anywhere, Anytime.: This is the best game ever. It's more than a game, it's more a way of life. It draws you in and you feel part of the whole gaming experience, something that Final Fantasy VIII fails to do. The storyline is immense, the characters are varied, there is a piloe, a dog type lion beast, a cat on a mog and an Ancient, unlike the sequel where everyone is a human. Materia collecting is fun, the fights are testing, the towns and destinations are varied, the world map is huge (until you get the Highwind) and the sub games are superb.The only fault with the graphics are the on screen characters which are too cartoony. Apart from that though, the graphics are brilliant, the music is one of the best soundtracks ever and the gameplay and lifespan are both excellent. Defenitly worth the money. Buy it now.
__label__2 Dreamgirls-The Movie: I love the music and the new songs on this CD. It's great to see all of the talented folks shine on their own songs. This CD along with the original Broadway cast CD, will go down in history as one of the best movie and Broadway musicals soundtracks ever produced.
__label__2 Not an Oscar winner but quite good to listen...: Being more of fan of "Terminator 2", I was never really interested in this soundtrack.... But when I received a gift certificate I bought used the left over money from the certificate to order this CD along with another one...that was definitely a bargain, as I have not yet regretted buying this CD.The music has quite familiar tunes from the 1980's, and classic Terminator music theme that was also present in the blockbuster sequel of the movie.This movie and the soundtrack paved the road for the sequel and other sci-fi movies. Its not the best of soundtracks but a soundtrack connoisseur can always include this title in their collection for the Sci-fi movies made in the 80's or in anyone who enjoyed that era of music.
__label__2 Perfect: The second disc of the Moulin Rouge! movie soundtracks is absolutely amazing. The gorgeous melodies composed by Craig Armstrong would be such a shame to lose without this second release. The movie versions of the songs make you feel like you're right back in the film. The music is so vivid and emotional, it's impossible not to fall in love.
__label__2 Remember the 70's?: "Remember the Titians" is a realistic feature that triggers a lot of emotions, and it demands a good soundtrack. But good doesn't even do justice to this; GREAT is more like it1 You'll almost forget you're listening to a movie soundtrack, more like a typical recollection of 70's hits. "Aint No Mountain High Enough" and "Na Na Na Na" steal the show; also noteable are "I Want to Take You Higher" and "Spirit in the Sky". On another note completly, this is one of Disney's best soundtracks for a live action feature EVER--keep it up, Disney! Usually, soundtracks for live-action movies just include instrullmental tracks, and don't appeal to many people as albums to purchase. But this one ROCKS DOWN THE HOUSE! I wish ALL of today's live action movies turned out such good music. Don't you agree?
__label__2 One of the best game music soundtracks - for a game I didn't really play: Despite the fact that I have only played a small portion of the game, the music I heard (plus the connection to Chrono Trigger which was great as well) led me to purchase the soundtrack, and it remains one of my favorite albums. There is an incredible mix of fun, epic, and emotional songs. Those sad and beautiful tracks I especially like, as there's not too many of those kinds of songs in my other video game soundtracks. I must admit that one of the songs (Life-A Distant Promise) has brought tears to my eyes on many occasions.My one complaint about this soundtrack is that they use guitar fretting effects in many of the songs, which I find distracting. But even if those weren't included I would still consider the collection worth it.
__label__2 This is one of the best movies from the late '80s: It's been close to twenty years since I watched this film. At first, it looks like an 80's attempt at a date movie, but this one goes much further than that. It has a captivating plot, likable characters, and one of the greatest soundtracks of all time. Even though I'm not a fan of musicals or dancing, I still found myself enjoying this story. If you are a fan of Saturday Night Fever, you will most likely appreciate Dirty Dancing as well.
__label__2 Legend of Dragoon Soundtrack: This soundtrack is amazing. It has all the songs you want to hear most though it doesn't have all the songs. I've played the Legend of Dragoon for a very long time. It's a great game and you really notice the music once you hear it on the soundtrack. Amazing game and music.I highly recommend it,Logan
